In this lecture we will learn how to animate our button using success.
We will cover how to create a button pulse animation for when the button is idle and a button press
animation for when the user clicks the button first we will create a button element using the button
tag inside of the opening and closing button tags we will type the text that will be displayed on our
button.
We will specify the type of our button to be button.
Next we will write our style code.
We will specify some styles to apply to a button element.
The width will be 100 pixels and the height will be thirty pixels.
We will also write some code in preparation for our animation.
We will specify the animation name to be pulse the animation duration to be 1 second and the animation
iteration count to be infinite.
Next we will write the code for the animation we will name our animation pulse.
We will specify keyframes for our animation when specifying keyframes we can use percentages to specify
at what point during the duration of the animation.
A property has a certain value to create or a button pulse animation.
We will animate the scale of our button using the transform property at 0 percent the first keyframe
we will give our button a scale of 1.
We will do the same for the keyframes at 30 percent and 40 percent on the middle keyframe 50 percent
we will specify a value of 1.10 at keyframes 60 percent 70 percent and 80 percent.
We will give our button a scale of 1.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code
as you can see our button in its idle state is now pulsing on our Web page.
Let's go back to the editor
next.
Let's look at how we can create a button press defect to do this.
We are going to utilize the CSSA hover and active selectors.
We will start with the same basic button element as we created before we will give our button a background
of white and a box shadow of 10 pixels on the bottom.
We will also give our button with 100 pixels and a height of 50 pixels.
We will lead the hover selector to our element and define what will happen when the user hovers over
the button.
In this case let's change the background color to gray when the user hovers over it.
We will use the active selector to define the behavior when the user clicks the button.
We will change the button background to black add a box shadow of 5 pixels on the bottom and translate
our button for pixels in the y direction.
Now when we run the code we can click on the button in our browser and see the button appear to click
in 3D in the next lecture.
We will recap what we have learned in this section of the course.